Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Emery Kerby: Yes, sir. Yeah, click something
Serenna Beers: Okay, how are you
Emery Kerby: I'm doing okay, how are you
Serenna Beers: Good. I'm refresh my memory. Who is your therapist at bright heart health.
Emery Kerby: I was seeing Sean, but I requested to see a new therapist. So I had a couple meetings with Sean. And then I think I have a meeting coming up this week with Rebecca
Serenna Beers: Oh, she's wonderful
Emery Kerby: Yeah, she's in my group with my when I meet with the doctor every week. So I really like her. And I just had trouble connecting with Sean, a little bit so
Emery Kerby: Okay. They gave me someone you
Serenna Beers: Oh, good. Okay. And then you were referred to me for em, Dr. Correct.
Emery Kerby: Yes okay about that and group.
Emery Kerby: And you know, I don't know if it will be for me or just they thought maybe I should check it out. So
Serenna Beers: Okay, so do you. So I'll just give you a rundown of what it is and then you can
Serenna Beers: Call back to schedule. If you have any interest in it because I'm always going to recommend to that you do your own work. And what I mean by that is, is there's a really
Serenna Beers: Straight forward simple site and it's em dr.org and it'll tell you everything you want to know as to what it is the clinical trials. Why is effective and I can give you my spiel as a therapist.
Serenna Beers: But I don't know about you, but I like to see the facts. I like the evidence that backup things i'm i'm a i'm
Serenna Beers: A numbers gal. I'm a systems gal. And that's one of the reasons why I I sought it for myself before I ever became a therapist because I had some
Serenna Beers: Trauma from my past that I just it was part of me that I just couldn't, I couldn't move away from I was somehow still being affected in my relationships in my work. And so somebody recommended that for me.
Serenna Beers: Years and years ago. And so, and, and this was back when it was just kind of starting out now. It's kind of just on fire. And there's a lot more therapist because they know a lot more about her, but primarily it's just, I mean, it's an evidence based practice that is
Serenna Beers: Through the use of bilateral stimulation, which is moving your eyes, left and right.
Serenna Beers: The belief is is that that initiates REM sleep. Are you familiar with, with what rim rim asleep is and why why we need it.
Emery Kerby: Is that more of when you're in your deep sleep.
Emery Kerby: Face the REM cycle. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: The subconscious literally your it's really your brain shuts down and relaxation, like you are literally that's when you dream that's when your brain can reboot.
Serenna Beers: So many of us, and especially in this day and age with electronics and it's just to go fast world. A lot of folks his brains don't shut down in the way that they should. And so at the end of the day, you have all this stuff that kind of just goes on.
Serenna Beers: On top of anything that you've never dealt with, whether it's childhood trauma, whether it's, I'm Ree residual from a past lifestyle. If you
Serenna Beers: Struggled with addiction or mental health. There's that residual that that you just seem that you're, you're just stuck and and and why you're stuck with trauma is when a significant event.
Serenna Beers: Happens and your brain says, Oh, no, I don't want to deal with this is too hard. This is too much pain. It's like it just shuts it down and it gets lodged into your central nervous system.
Serenna Beers: And basically what occurs after that is it starts coming out because our body keeps the score it has to come out in some way, shape, or form.
Serenna Beers: Maybe we start to have more headaches more stomach aches, maybe we're more irritable, maybe our mood swings have gone up.
Serenna Beers: Everything that we've experienced is exacerbated because our brains didn't want to deal with it or do the work behind the traumatic event because it was too hard for us right
Serenna Beers: Right. So, through the use of my little handy dandy one. It's got a light at the end of it. And when I do sessions. My background is is much, much
Serenna Beers: Darker so that way you see this wand more and I move it left and right. You follow it with your eyes. It stimulates RAM and while you're awake.
Serenna Beers: We basically shut your brain down. So we're sending all this stuff through to your brain. And I'm in. And what that does is it takes
Serenna Beers: The trauma. That's lodged in stuck in your nervous system and pulls it up to the
Serenna Beers: Working memory so that your brain can process it from beginning to end. Now, even with traumatic events. Is it isn't the whole trauma that we necessarily work on. It's the trigger point. So it's the target memory so
Serenna Beers: And the best way that I can explain it is is with my own deal when I was eight. I had lost my mom.
Serenna Beers: Very tragically you know i was i remember like it was yesterday, waiting for her to come home. I was sitting on the front porch in a white dress and my dad comes driving up and he's not with her and she she had died when he was on his way to go pick her up to bring her home.
Serenna Beers: That's the only like
Serenna Beers: Significant memory that I had with my mom now after I did em, Dr. Little things started to come up. Then I remembered Disneyland. Then I remembered my
Serenna Beers: Current dreams of five years, crazy stuff because I bubbled it up like with that one. I stimulated my nervous system did all this process prop processing. Now my brain is pulling things up. It's police it's pulling pulling it up.
Serenna Beers: Processing it and basically what we did is move the trauma trauma up and out.
Serenna Beers: And so by hitting that high disturbance level. It allowed for my brain to process the information in the way that it that that our
Serenna Beers: Bodies are meant to our brains are honestly adaptive. Our brains are not meant to be mount a dat Mal adaptive and we are not meant to shut things down and suppress them. But that's what we do, especially when we don't want to deal with pain or it's too much for our bodies to
Serenna Beers: Most people who really don't understand trunk trunk trauma don't understand the damage that we cause to ourselves and how different ways. It affects our life, our relationship with our spouse or significant other, our relationship with our kids.
Serenna Beers: Those that that we work with even the relationship with ourselves. We are never really our authentic self until we have that stuff that we've held inside
Serenna Beers: processed in the way that our brain can understand it.
Serenna Beers: So that we can move past it. So it's like, let's let's say a memory is an even long, long line right so it's from beginning to end and think of it like back in the day. Do you, do you remember like when
Serenna Beers: movies were played on a real and you had a big fat real that had a tape that fed through and real to the other end until and at the very end, once it got to the end. That's when it it would loop, you know, because it was done.
Emery Kerby: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: It trauma. The easiest way to explain it is your memory comes along and all of a sudden your brain says, Oh, there's a break.
Serenna Beers: So from that point on, you're stuck. And it just loops and loops and loops and loops and the more that it loops in as many years as past
Serenna Beers: You, it just gets stuck it yet. It is stuck here with nowhere to to go, there's this amazing book by Dr. Gosh, I don't want to chop his name, but it's van Kessel cork band cast. It's van something
Serenna Beers: And it's called the body keeps the score. And it is amazing book that gives you honestly real answers about what our bodies do with the trauma that we can't
Serenna Beers: Process and work through
Serenna Beers: You can bring about
Serenna Beers: Being sick you you can create physical ailments in your body because of the trauma and so with em, Dr. What that allows you to do is process, the trauma work through it from start to finish.
Serenna Beers: And it, it doesn't take the memory, but it desensitizes you because that's really what the issue is, is because it's too difficult to look at, or deal with we're hyper sensitive. So it's like, whoa. Nope. Push it down.
Serenna Beers: Am Dr helps to desensitize you so that you're able to face it in a whole different way so that one day when that memory comes up again because it will because memories are memories.
Serenna Beers: Whether they're construct which construct means even if we're young, if something happened to you know if something happened to us at a, at a really young age.
Serenna Beers: If we hear it enough from someone else, we will actually our brains are so powerful that will build a memory around stories of others. So whether it's a construct memory that you have created because of the trauma or it's an actual memory that you have
Serenna Beers: Em Dr helps you to process it so that you are no longer affected by it. You remember it, but it doesn't hurt in the way that it has in the past. It's like, oh, okay, like now I think God that really, I mean that that was yucky that that happened to me as a kid.
Serenna Beers: But now it's part of my life and I can actually use that to help others. It's very, very weird. I mean, I cried over that until I was
Serenna Beers: 36 years old.
Serenna Beers: crazy stuff right so I'm in the end our process.
Serenna Beers: WHAT HAP HAPPENS IS
Serenna Beers: Let me. I'm going to share my screen with you and then
Serenna Beers: Where's my share screen.
Serenna Beers: There we go. Here we go. Okay.
Serenna Beers: So,
Serenna Beers: There's a phases. Right. And so in the prep phase, which is what I do with with you, which would be where you mentally prep yourself and which means that anytime that I do any work with anyone. I make sure that they have a really quiet place where they know that there won't be any D.
Serenna Beers: Services, and then we identify what it is the specific trauma that you want to work on whether it's anxiety, depression, or there's an app or there's an actual Trump traumatic event. We've figure that out. And then we select it and then we pinpoint the exact part of that memory that
Serenna Beers: Basically, is what makes you feel the way that you feel
Serenna Beers: The exact the exact part of what starts to cause that pain.
Serenna Beers: And then I guide you through the process with my little wand here with my little wand and I would move it back and forth and it's time for me to change these, but I don't have another session, hence why they're not changed.
Serenna Beers: But anyway.
Serenna Beers: You move it back and forth, right. And then as I move that with you and we would do about 10 1010 sets.
Serenna Beers: You would take your left hand, right hand, and at the same time. When I moved the one you you would tap on your leg or on your arm like this, which just
Serenna Beers: accelerates the process and helps me with the work that I do with with the wand.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and it stimulates left brain, right brain left brain, right brain left brain, right brain, which is what helps to initiate the REM sleep while you're a wake
Serenna Beers: Oftentimes, what I hear from folks is that they feel floaty, they almost feel like they're drunk but without the booze because you literally I mean I'm doing some work on your brain. I'm stimulating your nervous system. And that's all
Serenna Beers: Electrical there. So there's things just firing neurons are firing. And so, your brain is going to feel like it's really been activated. You will more than likely dream a lot lot more
Serenna Beers: You may have some into truce of memories of the specific one that we're working on. You might remember things that you forgot about you might remember things that
Serenna Beers: That might not feel so so good, but it's all a part of how you heal because the big work is done in session, but your brain will continue to
Serenna Beers: Prop process even after, after we are done. I've heard folks say that they turned around and slept for like took like a four hour nap.
Serenna Beers: I've heard folks say that they felt like they were in like a twilight zone, like in a daze but again it's because of how much that we stimulate your brain.
Serenna Beers: And I prompt prompt you as I go through the steps to be as specific as you can as to the visual images that you might see sounds feelings, the things that you feel within your
Serenna Beers: Body and then I always ask for you to identify a disempowering beliefs, because there's always a negative cognition, that is associated with that traumatic event, whether it's, I'm a victim. I will never feel
Serenna Beers: Normal ah I i'm not lovable. It was all my fault, you know, depending on what the memory is, you know, I've done on em Dr around physical abuse around incest around
Serenna Beers: Accidents, I mean, it just depends on you as far as what negative belief that you've attached to that event.
Serenna Beers: And then I then the next step is we just do the one, two, and I desensitize you and through that. The goal is, is I would ask you to rate. Right, right. Now how disturbing is this memory for you. And you might say, I don't know, five, six and eight. And we just keep going until I can bring that
Serenna Beers: These servants level down to at least a one and you'll feel it. I mean you you really will
Serenna Beers: Feel it unless you're someone who like over analyzes and over things and and think, like, This can't be real. That's why I would want you to read on it.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, because it's really important that I get your buy in. And so with the first session I don't go right into dealing with the traumatic stuff I do what's called diabetic resourcing which is where we install positive and that helps to build your
Serenna Beers: Your house for lack of better terms ego strength. So, you know, I want you to feel, you know, positive and calm and
Serenna Beers: And full of hope. I want you to feel like this is going to be something that's really going to help you.
Serenna Beers: So we, I just feed your brain positive stuff. You know, I had the you identify a good calm place I have you like, literally, whether it's the beach and you're there on your favorite pink chair and you have your
Serenna Beers: Favorite juice or water or whatever you do drink next to you and all you see around you is water and trees. I literally will walk you through that calm.
Serenna Beers: Space inside of your mind, because you're going to add access that
Serenna Beers: Later on, to if, in the event to after our session was done and you become triggered or you become like you start to have all these flooding thoughts or memory start to come back, you will
Serenna Beers: I would add, I would have you at access that
Emery Kerby: Like a safe place.
Serenna Beers: To win it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So after we desensitize you and and you feel like that DS Stuart, Stuart service level is at a place where you feel
Serenna Beers: Feel good about it and you feel like you and and you will know. I mean, you will definitely, I promise you. This is like one of those things.
Serenna Beers: It's immediate gratification, you will know by the end of this session. I mean, I've yet. I'm gonna knock on wood here.
Serenna Beers: I have yet to have someone say that they couldn't see it, feel it out after the first time.
Serenna Beers: Because we're stimulating your brain. I mean, it's just it's science. And so again, I want to reiterate, I really would like you to read. Read up on it because it'll
Serenna Beers: Also answer some of your questions in case I'm missing him because I just go into explaining to you what I do and how that's going to help this gives you the background on why it helps
Serenna Beers: Okay, so then after we have reduced the intensity of the negative emotions.
Serenna Beers: Then we move on to what's called a positive installation. And that's where I move the one, but at a little faster rate. So instead of going like this say
Serenna Beers: I am I'm going like this and there's something about the fast motion, it does something different in
Serenna Beers: In in your brain, it stores it in a different part so that way if if you start to have those negative emotions come up around the work that we did, or you have inch route in Truce, truce of memories, your brain is going to remember
Serenna Beers: The positive that we did is, kind of, kind of, kind of come come along and go. Nope. We've already worked on that. I mean, it's really fascinating.
Serenna Beers: And then I'm like, so let's say that you want to believe I have control over my life.
Serenna Beers: I feel safe now. That's what you're going to do as you follow the wand and I'm going fast and your eyes are going left, right, left, right, you are going to say that to yourself over and over a again until you literally feel that physically and mentally and then after the close of it.
Serenna Beers: I I make sure that I let you know that you have experienced high stimulation to your brain and your nervous system. And so I will make sure that you and I understand.
Serenna Beers: Like what, what you need to do for the rest of the night, different ways that you can make sure that you can access your commonplace.
Serenna Beers: And then I just asked you to make sure that you write, write down anything that you
Serenna Beers: Notice, whether it's pleasurable or unpleasant bubble and then you would bring that to the next.
Serenna Beers: Session because things are going to kind of start to spill over until we get to the root. I'm I'm after the root of what is the under lining, because that initial first trauma.
Serenna Beers: Everything else just kind of compounds on it. So we're trying to move away all this stuff to get to what the root is right. Does that make sense because I've talked a lot
Emery Kerby: Oh yeah, no, I'm getting all of it and I've
Emery Kerby: Been in group therapy where they've discussed this, you know, a few years ago to. It was just
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Emery Kerby: It wasn't anything I jumped into at that time, but
Emery Kerby: I sure yeah it all makes sense. And it's something I'm extremely interested in. I definitely will.
Emery Kerby: Be reading up on it.
Emery Kerby: And everything I just have a question based around
Emery Kerby: Because you talk about memories, a lot. I do not have any memories before your fourth grade income. So it's a complete blackout like my, I have a younger brother and a younger sister and they literally remember when I mean my brother can go back to when he was like two
Emery Kerby: It's really crazy, but my siblings. A lot of times they're like, remember this or that and I mean they know. I don't have any memories.
Emery Kerby: Before fourth grade, but my mom had a talk with me when I was 13 and explained, a lot of the abuse that I entered by her so I have those stories that she told me, and then obviously there were instances that happened after fourth grade that I do remember
Emery Kerby: So how would you work with that. If I can't remember the abuse, would you not go into that period and work.
Serenna Beers: On but
Emery Kerby: I do remember
Serenna Beers: I would go right into to that because like I said earlier, our body keeps the score. So while you may not have a visual memory, your body remembers your body knows
Serenna Beers: So I might just say, you know, move the wand and say let's float back to a time in fourth grade that you do remember. And when we float back in time, your body because we're stimulating your brain.
Serenna Beers: Will start pulling things up and maybe even if it's not a memory. It's going to remember either smells because our senses are what connects us right so
Serenna Beers: If your brain says no way I was the same way because of when I lost my mom, you know, when I was eight. So that was what third grade.
Serenna Beers: But after doing MD, em, Dr. I started remembering more. And it's very interesting. Now I have memories from when I was in Tinder.
Serenna Beers: Garden. I remember her speaking my but all the way home because I spit on this kid because this kid said that if I spit on them that are that if he spit on me that that I was going to die. And I freak, freak freaked out and I slept this kid.
Serenna Beers: So I got my, my mom got called and I just remember her saying Rena Bear. I'm going to spank your but the whole way home, but I just thought it was funny because I didn't remember any of this stuff.
Serenna Beers: And then I remembered our trip to Disneyland. I mean, and this just only started to come up and I only start started to remember things after I did the work around the one thing that I could remember. Does that make sense.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, yeah. I get that.
Serenna Beers: So even if there's no memory. Your body knows. So even if you say gosh I as you move the wand. I don't see anything but my body feels anxious I my body feels
Serenna Beers: Heavy my body feels weird. You know, so your body remembers. And as long as we're processing. It doesn't matter if you remember, or not because you're going to do the work, whether you want to or not because your brain is doing this.
Emery Kerby: Right, okay.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, it's all in the magic of the wand and it's honestly. It's a team effort. So as long as I stimulate your left and right.
Serenna Beers: Bilateral steam population, your brain and you as long as you don't try to shut it down or tried to control it is going to do all the work you all, you're going to have to do is just sit there and watch and listen.
Emery Kerby: Sounds good. Would you recommend maybe
Emery Kerby: Any type of meditation before our appointments
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. So, so if you were going to want to continue. If you called to do our first session with with me, I would start with, like I said, with the
Serenna Beers: Positive and the positive is the meditate med agitation that I would have you to continue to use. I recommend you have to make sure that any type of meditate take station, whether it's ocean sound or
Serenna Beers: Maybe there's no sound. Maybe you just sit and breathe. But there can't be any contaminations mean meaning there can't be any negative association with any type of a memory or a thought or a calm place because that invites
Serenna Beers: The negative to come in. So it has to be 100% pure and there has to be like just maybe even something that you've never ever done.
Serenna Beers: Before because I had this gal once she used a calm place which she didn't share with me at the time she had a lot of trauma around
Serenna Beers: Some sex, sex, sexual abuse that her grandfather did with her was her complex was the river where they used to go camp. I didn't know that. So,
Serenna Beers: That was her complex and I get this call in the middle of the night, I kid you not, AND SHE'S JUST LITERALLY spiraling
Serenna Beers: And I'm like, What the hell did I do, you know,
Serenna Beers: And we found out it was all around because when her brain access that commonplace all those other negative contaminated memories came through.
Serenna Beers: With it. So I always make make, make sure that you understand how very important it is that you do meditate or you go to like some sort of a really calm calm place because
Serenna Beers: Our brains will try to our minds. Will you know
Serenna Beers: Tell us negative thoughts, because if you didn't have an issue around trying to work through this on your own then you wouldn't need something like this. Right.
Serenna Beers: So when you get comfortable with doing that same type of thing, it would be a very natural process for your brain to say, ah,
Serenna Beers: I don't want to do this. So then you fight it. And so my goal with with you is to have you so calm and relax at least to the best of your ability that you keep couldn't fight it, even if you tried
Serenna Beers: Because when your brain in in your, your mind is kind of like opened and us kind of just and you go with it. That's when you are going to feel the most effect and most benefit. Right. Okay.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, cuz I know like I have to stay away from lavender smells. I already figured that out when I was going through therapy so I'm
Emery Kerby: Oh wow, talking to the doctor. Last Friday, and he gave me some suggestions of some different calming because Lavender is, you know,
Emery Kerby: Commonly used to calm yourself down. And that's just it in relation to my mom, I can't do
Serenna Beers: Right, or so.
Emery Kerby: I have to find something else to try and use, but because I smell is like that is my biggest trigger for a lot of different things. So I wanted a smell to go with my
Emery Kerby: Safe Place or complex because that of most will overpower my thoughts. Sometimes if I
Serenna Beers: Can make something
Serenna Beers: Are you into essential oils at all or anything like like that.
Emery Kerby: My sister is really big into essential oils. So she just started getting me into those
Oh,
Serenna Beers: What, what, and this is just a thought. I have a de de de fuser I use peppermint when I'm sick because some something in it just kind of tells me that I am all better. I mean, and and it's a mind game. I mean, I believe in, in what they do. But I also use my my own
Serenna Beers: Belief in it to kind of push it and make it bigger than it is. I guess that was how I but when you read on the back of it. There's something in lemon and an orange, that is supposed to
Serenna Beers: Create an elated mood. So I know Lemon is a really good smell. I know peppermint is also a really good smell. I don't know if you could maybe just try to experiment, maybe
Serenna Beers: Over the next week and try to find a smell that you feel you know that you can associate with a time in your life.
Serenna Beers: Also Christmas for me is, is a huge positive like lifting mood. So I've got Christmas smells all over my house, even now. In fact, I have a Christmas tree little plugin things deal
Serenna Beers: Yeah, because when I look at Christmas, Christmas just makes me happy. I don't know what that is. But yeah, so, so you got to find something so maybe like a Christmas smell. I don't know.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, that I cuz I love Peppermint. Peppermint.
Emery Kerby: Not always at my favorite smell is my favorite taste. I love the candy, all of that. So,
Emery Kerby: There you go, idea. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well good. All right. Well, you do your work and I will just look for you on my calendar if you're interested.
Serenna Beers: But I think, I think as long as you're willing to do the work. I think that this could really be something that could be really beneficial. Yeah, a different a different leash on life that is for sure. It changed me. It totally changed my whole life.
Emery Kerby: Well, I'm really excited because I like I said, I've been trying different types of therapies for years and I know what because I have been PD and I know
Emery Kerby: Okay, what is it called DB T therapy is better than CVT therapy for me. So, um, but this is just the only thing that I've heard a lot about that. I just have not
Emery Kerby: Tried yet. So I thought, you know, there's no there's no harm in it. I got a little one my son's 13 he's about to be 14 and I started all over again. My daughter's 14 months old. So that's bringing up a lot.
Emery Kerby: Of different things. I'm just having her at the age she is and starting over, and everything so
Emery Kerby: I need that help so I think
Emery Kerby: It would be a good idea, but I'm going to talk to my husband about it and get
Emery Kerby: All the research done and out of the way and
Serenna Beers: Do your work. And if you want. If you want to do this, come with it in come within open mind and
Serenna Beers: And I'll do my best to help you get to where you want to go. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Sounds good.
Emery Kerby: All right, thank you so much for meeting with me.
Serenna Beers: Okay, thank you.
Get a better